docs: add sass installation information (#15818)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/features/sass-variables.md

<entry />

> ## installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> When you do not use SASS/SCSS or vuetify's variables yourself, you don't have to install it.
> Vuetify works out of the box. But when you do when you want to change SASS/SCSS variables or use it yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vuetify works out of the box without any additional compilers needing to be installed. Changing or using SASS variables though obviously requires the SASS compiler.
```

### vite

> Vite does provide built-in support for .scss, .sass, .less, .styl and .stylus files. There is no need to install Vite-specific plugins for them, but the corresponding pre-processor itself must be installed. Vuetify needs sass as a preprocessor so install it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vite provides built-in support for sass, less and stylus files. There is no need to install Vite-specific plugins for them, but the corresponding pre-processor itself must be installed. Vuetify needs sass as a preprocessor so install it:
```
